docs: Improve documentation. (#1059)
openmls/openmls: book/src/introduction.md

# Introduction
<!-- Get the Readme without the headline until (including) the introductory sentence  -->
{{#include ../../README.md:2:14}}

> OpenMLS provides a high-level API to create and manage MLS groups. It supports basic cipher suites and an interchangeable cryptographic backend, key store, and random number generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenMLS provides a high-level API to create and manage MLS groups. It supports basic ciphersuites and an interchangeable cryptographic backend, key store, and random number generator.
```
